hey YouTube is your girl diva dimples
coming with you coming to you I'm sorry
with a little update I haven't did it in
a while but I have just came from the
grocery store and I just wanted to share
with you some of the things I purchased
I don't want to say okay that's perfect
that things that I purchased but for the
most part these are things that I
purchased and that I've been eating um
of course let me start off with of
course I just get my regular tuna how
you tuna pork and beans and I love pork
and beans and weenies no rice um I like
that um as you can see here this is a
container pre-made it's like a salad a
garden salad I love onions and stuff
like that and when you put all those
things on it like the olives and stuff
like that you don't need as much
dressing or something like that but if I
get it I get it like a low-fat or a
light dressing of course here's my fruit
this is some fresh watermelon and I cut
up strawberries and I snack on that when
I want something sweet to eat I actually
first just I love flour tortillas now of
course you want a lot of people in the
in the beginning stage try to stay away
from all kind of carbs and things of
that nature but I put carbs in my body
as long as they're good carbs so I get
the car balance on mission and I
probably can't eat half of that one
that's the medium size and I also get
the spinach one and they are really huge
try to cut those up in four I'm some of
the means that I eat are a deli fresh
some people want to go right to the deli
and get theirs but I'm always on the
grab and goes so this is actually honey
smoked by Oscar Mayer the honey smoked
turkey
I eat shrimps of course you can you jump
on your fajitas I actually get this by
Tyson it's all natural boneless skinless
chicken strips and basically you can use
this for anything you can eaten by
yourself you can put them in a um wrap
you can shred it up and you don't do
anything when I'm sorry actually really
love that proportional we have our arrow
reliable tilapia and I take one of those
or two of those put it inside of a
Lumina fall season it put some vegetable
store whatever or nothing thinking
within the oven and um
and there we have it I'm actually trying
this for the first time through these
fruit smoothies mistakes just add water
but what I plan on doing with it is
actually adding some of my protein
powder in it
when I actually make my shape probably
some vanilla protein powder with this I
also eat jenny old turkey burgers and
what I do is basically put them in the
oven
eat one I mean it's already season and
things of that nature
and it's actually really good no brand
none of that if I want to lose something
on a condiment grow onions or something
but I just eat it plain just like that
and sometimes I can get home sometimes I
can eat a hair and I'm actually like
eight months out well my protein which I
do daily I get this from Target is 100%
whey protein I actually take one scoop
of whey protein mix it with could
calorie count down which is only 80
carrots so I take 8 ounces of this mix
it with a scoop of that and that's my
breakfast now when I do have cereal or
something of that nature I use of course
on the silk soy milk vanilla flavor I
like it when I do drink juices I get
100% juice I love cranberry juice cuz
actually also flush you out well my
doctor also told me that I needed to get
some calcium so I hate big pills so
hopefully I'm gonna open this shortly
and hopefully this will be small so this
is the calcium citrate critique so
hopefully this will work well let's come
over here to this thigh and I have some
more smoothies here and ok if you like
me you're single you buy this food
sometimes it goes bad so what I do is
actually try to buy frozen fruits and
vegetables sometimes now because it goes
bad like I get the frozen spinach
I love the schema beause I don't know
you just put them in a microwave steamed
vegetables they're really good I get
like the creamed spinach I really like
it
broccoli and you can get the fresh
broccoli but like I said wanna go this
is only like 60 calories and I can't
even eat half of that so probably like
30 calories and I'm
when I want a little guilty snack I love
Chinese food so I get these veggie rolls
put one in the oven and it's so
delicious
same here saying a lot of Sima bowls say
I pack a lot of fresh you know spinach I
love spinach you can put it in your
shakes just eat it with a salad things
of that nature my mom turned me on to
this and I don't know how healthy this
is but it makes everything taste good
like I can put it on like fish you know
to like marinated I you know do all this
with the arm7 regarded cooking cream I
love cucumbers with Italian dressings I
use cucumbers here and I love cracker so
I found these and they're so good
they're toasted pecan readable so when I
want to snack on something that's this
or if I want my chips you know we should
have it I get this and this is actually
by Pepperidge Farms crackers and chips
and I know I shouldn't be eating but a
60% less fat
let's be real here I mean we do I mean
you try to be perfect but hey I mean I
want to live and have you know just have
like some flavorful things and when I
get really when I want to as I call
myself cheat and have a sweet snack this
is what I eat
Minnie Nell away first now this brings
you back to your childhood when you you
seen Ella waitress but this is I love
this another thing I do I drink mineral
water it's a flavor of mineral water no
calories and stuff like that
I basically drink water I drink no sodas
every night doing a teen non sweet tea
anything stuff like that but for the
most part this is the stuff that I eat I
just wanted to share a quick video with
you guys of the stuff that I eat because
I haven't did in a long time oh I
purchased soups and stuff like that as
well anything that's easy to go down
well Kevin I stay YouTube bye bye